DevDay 2015 was a complete success

Why do I go to conferences? To be inspired, to be a part of the community, to learn something new. For a conference to be great none of these elements should be missing. I find it easy to talk to people and I already feel I'm part of the community. What about the remaining two aspects?

Inspiration is like a spark. One brilliant presentation at the conference, one sentence at some session, one hallway conversation with another attendee is sometimes enough to get me excited and fill my head with new ideas. Every conference has this little spark.

Of course, through the years I took part in brilliant and less awesome conferences. I believe organizers work hard to fill in conference days with variety of subjects, trying to make people with various interests and levels of experience happy. Sometimes it plays along well, othertimes it falls apart due to many reasons. We create our programme with care and love and being developers ourselves, visiting many conferences we have some idea of what would be interesting.

I'm happy when someone has this spark in the eye coming back from our conference, the same thing I had coming back from my beloved Øredev in 2010. Did we inspire someone this year? I think so... I hope so! Looking at feedback after the conference, there are many people who are really excited about what they have seen and heard. They're also excited about the opportunity to talk to other like-minded people. 

Christian Heilmann and Chad Fowler - our keynote speakers this year - gave us wonderful performances just like Dan North, Jon Skeet, Scott Hanselman or Rob Ashton did in the previous years. 

I'm thankful for all the feedback we got, without it we couldn't improve (and we want to improve massively next year, our heads are bursting with ideas). Speakers do appreciate this feedback as well because they're trying to be better at what they're doing. Being a speaker myself I can't understand all of the feedback we got from our attendees though. Sometimes it was harsh and thoughtless. I don't mind honest, constructive critique but sometimes we had people just trying to express themselves rather than to help speakers improve.

Having more speakers this year we got more opportunities for less known and less experienced people to take the stage. We decided it would be beneficial to let some refresh the speaker lineup this year. That's why we did not invite any speaker who was already giving a session on one of the previous editions of DevDay.

En the end, it's all about sessions andnetworking. After 5 years of doing DevDay the community around it is vibrant and cab't wait to get together every September. Whatever we would do, they would meet anyway. This is one of the brightest sides of this year's conference.

I'm very happy with how DevDay 2015 went. Looking at those little sparks in the eyes of our attendees, at what people learned, looking at how the community was stimulated - it was a complete success. In the future I'd like more people to feel the same.

We already started working on the next edition, we will probably change the venue to make more space for all the ideas we couldn't fit in the current one. We will also work super-hard to provide topics and speakers who will inspire, teach and encourage our community to try something new. I cannot wait to do it again!

See you 15-16th of September 2016!
